Put your answers to the questions in the
comments below.
First one.
Do you know which story that is?
Said the pastor.
It sounds like the prodigal son's story,
said Valeria.
Which story does Valeria think the pastor
is referring to?
Second.
Are you supporting my parents?
She asked, her voice trembling with a mix
of disbelief and anger.
How can you say that?
David has always been a good person.
Why does Valeria become upset with the pastor?
One should always try to help others meet.
But you've done a lot already, Valeria.
The pastor said gently.
Sometimes, love means knowing when to let go.
What does the pastor suggest Valeria
should do
for
David
?
Pretty good.
I'll wait for your answers in the
comments below.